d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PoE Item Mentions\PoE Item Mentions\bin\Debug\PoE Item Mentions.exe.config
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PoE Item Mentions\PoE Item Mentions\obj\Debug\PoE Item Mentions.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PoE Item Mentions\PoE Item Mentions\bin\Debug\PoE Item Mentions.exe
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PoE Item Mentions\PoE Item Mentions\bin\Debug\PoE Item Mentions.pdb
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PoE Item Mentions\PoE Item Mentions\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PoE Item Mentions\PoE Item Mentions\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PoE Item Mentions\PoE Item Mentions\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PoE Item Mentions\PoE Item Mentions\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PoE Item Mentions\PoE Item Mentions\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PoE Item Mentions\PoE Item Mentions\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PoE Item Mentions\PoE Item Mentions\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PoE Item Mentions\PoE Item Mentions\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PoE Item Mentions\PoE Item Mentions\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PoE Item Mentions\PoE Item Mentions\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PoE Item Mentions\PoE Item Mentions\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PoE Item Mentions\PoE Item Mentions\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PoE Item Mentions\PoE Item Mentions\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PoE Item Mentions\PoE Item Mentions\obj\Debug\PoE Item Mentions.exe
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PoE Item Mentions\PoE Item Mentions\obj\Debug\PoE Item Mentions.pdb
D:\Documents\GitHub\Personal-Discord-Bot\PoE Item Mentions\bin\Debug\PoE Item Mentions.exe.config
D:\Documents\GitHub\Personal-Discord-Bot\PoE Item Mentions\obj\Debug\PoE Item Mentions.exe
D:\Documents\GitHub\Personal-Discord-Bot\PoE Item Mentions\obj\Debug\PoE Item Mentions.pdb
